Technical review
1)What went well? link to code

Main game logic, calcHand, hold hand...(gameplay.js)
stacking of tokens (gameDom.js)
Finding assets

2)What are the biggest challenges? link to code

Dom elements. 
constantly remaking the hand/tables by removing children and appending them (gameinit.js)

Refactoring.
lack of ability to refactor creation and modification of dom elements outside the
gameinit function without breaking the functionality. Hence repeated code/ very long 
code blocks in button event listeners (gameDom.js line 57, 63 gameinit.js line 127-135, 148-155)

Creating all the elements in js (gameinit.js). 
It is a lot of elements and classes
to add. I think if i had put more elements in the html instead, would have to use
querySelectors which I'm not familiar with.

Mainipulation of classes of child in parent nodes.
(line 224 gameinit) fliping the cards
after finding them from the document. They were cards that were buried in the handContainer

Animations. 
after adding them as a class, have to remove them before they can be added again. my assumption.
(gameinit.js line 191-195)

How to structure (gameinit.js)
Many many elements

Resizing game css
to viewport units.
Used translate for some elements in mobile mode. feels weird

Difference in functionality across browsers
card flip doesn't work in moz firefox. 
Also mobile mode don't show like chrome but like desktop
 

3)What would you do differently next time

I think i learnt a lot through the process but wondered if there
were best practices/ common ways/ other ways to do what i was doing.

Score table wins could be better highlighted.
addition subtraction of credits could be done more drammatically
The instruction to get the user to hold the card was rushed in last min, 
would be better if it was more graphical like pointers above the card

I had wanted to pull out the cards from the deck precisely, opted to fake it
with opacity 0 from the start of the draw. Still wondering how to do variable translation
deck to hand. Have a feeling it would screw up with different browser sizing.

Process review
1)What went well?

I think it was good that i rushed out the gameplay on the first day and over hari raya.
Had lots of time to play and refine the other elements. might have spent too much time
on the polish lol.

2)What could have been better?
I could have spent more time looking for examples of inspiration. 
Shen nan's scroll-behavior: smooth;
is cool

3)What would you do differently next time? 
Don't think I would change much. Maybe llok for more wackier examples to emulate.